dev/README.md, before:

# Developer files
This directory contains miscellaneous scripts and instructions useful for
developing and testing Wikispeech.

*   `10-wikispeech.php` - MediaWiki settings. Can be copied to or imported in LocalSettings.php.
*   `speechoid-docker-compose/` - All you need to run Speechoid on your machine.

When adding a script, also add it to this list with a short description.

## Naming PHPUnit tests
For readability and understanding amongst developers, we decided on a naming convention for PHPUnit tests which follows the pattern: `testFunction_Inputs_expectedResult`.
This doesn't necessarily apply when using [data providers](https://docs.phpunit.de/en/10.5/writing-tests-for-phpunit.html#data-providers) and integration tests.

For tests using `@dataProvider`, the pattern becomes either
`testFunction` or `testFunction_expectedResult`
e.g. `testIsHex` or `testSegmentSentences_dontSegment`.

The test method name is often divided into three parts:
1. Describing the function to test
2. Inputs or context
3. The expected result, should be an imperative clause (an urge)

#### Examples:
- `testOnApiCheckCanExecute_UserHasPermission_returnTrue`
- `testCleanHtml_nodesOnSameLevel_generatePath`
- `testApiRequest_removeTagsNotAnObject_throwException`

## Generate fallback error message
If something goes really wrong and Wikispeech doesn't work, for example if Speechoid is down or similar, we have a generic spoken error message located in `/modules/audio/error.json`. That is the spoken version of the i18n message: `wikispeech-error-loading-audio-title` and `wikispeech-error-loading-audio-message`.

If this message is changed, then a new audio file needs to be generated. This can be done using your local wiki in `Special:ApiSandbox` with the right parameters such as `lang` and the `text` to generate. If you want to change what `voice` to use, you can enter that as well.

After making the request (make sure speechoid is up and running to be able to make the request), copy the response data, and paste it into the `error.json` file.

Commit message:

Add support for other languages when creating fallback error messages
Bug: T402386
Change-Id: Iba68e30f120c87057b2776982e7fb0c2f59f26bd

dev/README.md, after:

# Developer files
This directory contains miscellaneous scripts and instructions useful for
developing and testing Wikispeech.

*   `10-wikispeech.php` - MediaWiki settings. Can be copied to or imported in LocalSettings.php.
*   `speechoid-docker-compose/` - All you need to run Speechoid on your machine.

When adding a script, also add it to this list with a short description.

## Naming PHPUnit tests
For readability and understanding amongst developers, we decided on a naming convention for PHPUnit tests which follows the pattern: `testFunction_Inputs_expectedResult`.
This doesn't necessarily apply when using [data providers](https://docs.phpunit.de/en/10.5/writing-tests-for-phpunit.html#data-providers) and integration tests.

For tests using `@dataProvider`, the pattern becomes either
`testFunction` or `testFunction_expectedResult`
e.g. `testIsHex` or `testSegmentSentences_dontSegment`.

The test method name is often divided into three parts:
1. Describing the function to test
2. Inputs or context
3. The expected result, should be an imperative clause (an urge)

#### Examples:
- `testOnApiCheckCanExecute_UserHasPermission_returnTrue`
- `testCleanHtml_nodesOnSameLevel_generatePath`
- `testApiRequest_removeTagsNotAnObject_throwException`

## Generate fallback error message
If something goes really wrong and Wikispeech doesn't work, for example if Speechoid is down or similar, we have generic spoken error message stored per language in `/modules/audio/`, for example:

- `error.en.json`
- `error.sv.json`

These files contain audio corresponding to the i18n messages:
- `wikispeech-error-loading-audio-title`
- `wikispeech-error-loading-audio-message`

If any of these messages are changed in the i18n files, then a new audio file needs to be generated. This can be done using your local wiki in `Special:ApiSandbox` with the right parameters such as `lang` and the `text` to generate. If you want to change what `voice` to use, you can enter that as well.

After making the request (make sure speechoid is up and running to be able to make the request), copy the response data, and paste it into the `error.<lang>.json` file.
